I feel like a truck driver, like putting in an extra long haul today, like the union's
going to call about our hours, like we got to take a break at some point.
You get paid for overtime.
Yeah.
So this has been a week since they heard the last one and they have no context anymore.
They're like, what are they even talking about?
Just as a reminder.
I was thinking we just start completely fresh with a new topic.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
That's a good idea.
Let's do that.
I don't think I'm coming back to Twitter.
And it's not like I'm going to mass it on.
I'm not those people.
I just literally haven't cared about Twitter for months now.
And I don't think it's going to come back.
I don't think I'm going to like regain that feeling.
I mean, I used to be like addicted to like checking Twitter multiple times a day.
And now I go days without looking at it.
And I don't even think about it.
Like it does it.
When I do open Twitter, I school for like 30 seconds and I'm like, I, there's nothing
here I care to see.
And that's no offense to you or anybody else on Twitter.
But it's just the same stuff that like, I'm not even drawn to like technical discussion
anymore or like dev stuff.
There's just nothing that could be said on Twitter that I'd be like excited to open
the app for.
Yeah.
I've also am like shifting my relationship with it too.
And I've talked about it a while ago, but I wish Twitter had a right only mode and like
trying to like, because to me, it's still like a very useful thing of trying to exercise
like ideas I have and like write them, so I never want to give that part up.
But I don't really need to be reading.
Yeah.
I just don't.
I just don't want to.
And in like the hanging out thing, I used to feel like, well, I'm really just here hanging
out with everybody.
But I feel like I do that elsewhere now, like we've got discord, we got slack or whatever.
I mean, I don't do that much either.
But there is kind of like lots of other ways to stay connected with people I want to stay
connected to.
And I just, I don't know.
I don't know if Twitter is it for me.
Like the memes, nothing really hits the same.
Just not the same anymore.
Magic is gone for you.
It's not the Twitter change.
I just changed.
Yeah.
I mean, it's funny because I feel like I've had this with a few things now and they've
all eventually like had a peak.
So I kind of knew this isn't like an infinite thing is I always feel the same.
As I'm reflecting, it's like, it was like two years.
I was on Twitter actively for like two.
That's like really not very long.
Like I've had a Twitter account.
I don't know.
But like it feels like, wow, I can't believe I'm not really going to be active on Twitter.
But like it's kind of a blip on the timeline when you think about it.
That's true.
It just feels like it was longer.
I don't know.
It feels like I was.
Yeah.
I mean, I've had an account forever.
You can't remember anything before.
Yeah.
You're right.
That's everything in life.
I mean, high school.
Remember how long it felt like you were in high school?
And when you think about four years now, like how miniscule that is in your whole life.
That's true.
Yeah.
It's kind of wild.
I was kind of the thought of my head that it took us 12 years to learn basic math.
I saw that before, but just like so mind-blowing to me, I'm like 12 years like that's as long
as I've been professionally programming.
I've learned all of everything I know in that time.
It is kind of crazy.
I mean, the whole school thing, like just how much time now that I have a child in a
school system, not at home, homeschooling, like how much time is spent educating our
kids?
And then like, ultimately, yeah, when you boil it down, you said math, like, is that the
main thing?
Is it basically like just so they can understand some math?
Is there anything else we really hope kids learn or read and write for sure?
Read and write.
I mean, yeah, not physically, right?
Well, that's what I was going to say.
My son reads books like a machine.
He's read all the first because we like limited to the first three Harry Potter's, I think
age wise, because we read some guides that were like, don't read the fourth one until
they're whatever years old.
He's read them all at least three times.
The third one's as scariest.
The prisoner has come in, is that a black, serious black?
Okay.
Actually, no, hang on.
As a kid, I liked the third one the best because Voldemort was not involved and I was super
afraid of Voldemort as a child.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But the third one has like, I don't know, I guess it was a serious black one because
he ends up being like a good guy and I feel like that makes it less scary.
I don't spoil the whole alert.
Oh, sorry, yeah.
Anyone who doesn't know that.
For all the nine year olds, listen to us.
The dementors kiss and stuff is like really twisted, it's like worse than killing someone,
you know.
That's interesting.
Maybe not to a kid.
Maybe not.
I don't know.
He's read them all like at least three times.
The second one scared me the most.
The second one really scared me.
I don't.
Okay.
I've never read the books.
I've got to come out.
I've only watched the movies.
When you said dementors kiss, I don't even know that.
The second one is the chamber of secrets where all the kids are, everyone in the school is
like getting frozen or petrified or whatever.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
I mean, from the movies.
Yeah.
Right.
It's like really like it's like extremely like like racial, basically, you know, that killing
all the non pure blood people.
Oh, the muggles.
Yeah.
Can I say that?
Is that okay to say that?
Okay.
Yeah.
I get it.
You read Dax.
You're very well read.
It's very impressive.
Like the millions and millions of other people my age, JK Rowling, she knew what she was doing.
The writing thing though.
So my son, big reader, reads a lot, cannot stand writing.
He hates it.
Like he hates physically writing things out.
And he's kind of like perfectionist about it.
And that like in school, he has to like get a little extra help with writing.
And it's like, for what?
What are we doing here?
That is not a skill you're going to need in life.
If you can spell and type, why learn to write?
I don't write with my hands ever.
Yeah.
I don't either.
Do you agree with this?
I, but a lot of people still do.
My like Liz writes all the time.
Okay.
So there's like some people get joy from physically writing and just like some people are like
note takers that like process things that way.
So you maintain important to learn in school?
I don't.
I don't know.
I think with some of the classic thing of like, it doesn't seem to make sense, but just throwing
everything out, you might like, just miss some value of something.
So I don't.
It's a well-roundedness.
I don't think we need to go and do cursive, like me growing up, like we spend a lot of
time, like learning.
We got rid of that.
Didn't we?
Yeah.
But like, you know, being able to write somewhat with your hands probably useful.
There's a there's a good amount of time you have to learn some stuff every day at school.
Everything maybe makes the top, whatever, five, top five, so it's like might as well do it.
It's not that we're trying to kill time.
I actually have a new found respect.
I got to go back to an old episode where I was like, public school's dumb.
Anybody putting their kid in public school is terrible and blah, blah, blah.
I said a bunch of harsh things and I shouldn't have said those things.
Now that I have a kid in school, I have a new found perspective.
He loves going to school.
He loves the structure.
Like the our family loves the schedule like as much as we thought it'd be hard to have
like a 30 minute commute to school and like two trips a day to Springfield, like it was
just felt like this could be a lot.
Everybody loves it.
It's like this whole part of the day and it's like it brings this structure, this schedule
to our day that we didn't have.
So he says school is a nine and 999 thousandths out of 10.
Like he's been team school ever since we put him in school.
Yeah.
You found respect for like, it's okay that he spends a lot of hours out of the home.
And that he's thriving in that environment.
But then I think like they don't really need that much time to learn what's probably important
that they learn.
I still feel like there's a lot of fluff in a school schedule and that's okay.
But like when we pull it down, you know, at the end of his schooling, what do we really
care about?
I don't care if he memorizes, you know, all the world's wars and like the battles and
like this.
There's stuff that we learned growing up that's like why I just I can Google anything I need
to know on that front.
Like if it's facts and trivia, like I just don't need my kids learning that stuff.
So what is important?
We've had this conversation a lot me in my life like what is important?
We care about him learning math.
That seems important.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's a it's only a few things.
We want him to be curious, we want him to like maybe this is like the modern stereotypical
parent answer.
We want him to like pursue his own interests and have that kind of like agency in life.
That's what we hope he gets out of schooling.
And I think this school is pretty good.
I think like he's going to get some of that.
I don't know.
Do you have thoughts on that?
Is there a vacuum cleaner?
What's going on in your house right now?
I just wondered we have like an extra bed of his in here and it's crazy how much echo
reduction it was providing because our cat peed on it and so we threw it out.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Or Angie pooped on it also.
She was very upset.
Let's go.
Okay.
Some spite right there.
Yeah.
So I've talked to Liz about this topic because I'm like, okay, if you like drill down, it's
like read, write, and all the way up to like right before you learn calculus.
I think that's like stuff that's very practical.
Yeah.
She has other perspective, which is kind of interesting, which is if you step back and
you think about like you are the United States, you're trying to like establish a culture
and like you want your citizens to care about XYZ things.
I think that's where some of the more like fluffy feeling stuff can fall into like learning
history or like reading some of those like I hated a lot of the sign reading that we
had.
I loved reading, but I hated this on reading.
There are certain values and dynamics that it's just good to know that like, okay, all
citizens of the US have like at least been exposed to some of these things.
Yeah.
I don't know what exactly those things will be, but I think it's easy to not factor like
that is a part of school.
You want to just make sure that people in this country have like been exposed to similar
things or understand some of our context.
Yeah.
I guess I get that.
But yeah, I don't know what those things would be, but I would imagine if you're trying
to like think about like what makes it great, United States citizen, like you would probably
come up with more abstract things to spend time on.
Yeah.
Okay.
So there's a bit of like just preparing you for society to like be a member of this society.
There's certain contexts and cultural things that you could get out of school that aren't
just like, what is the most optimal education?
Yeah.
Like it's, I mean, I bring up Avatar a lot, but like there's a lot of stuff in that show
that I think is like critical to the tradition.
Huh?
I want to make sure I have the right thing.
No, no, no, not the TV show.
Not the movie.
There's another thing called Avatar.
Oh, totally different thing.
Good.
It's funny.
When you said Avatar, you talk about a lot.
You ever talking about it?
That doesn't mean you never talked about it.
I just don't remember.
So what is Avatar?
I thought we talked about that.
It says you guys name it.
It's from that show.
The, or what's it called?
Airbender.
That's Avatar.
Yes.
Avatar the last Airbender.
Yeah.
It's a full name.
Oh, okay.
I didn't remember that it was Avatar.
I'm thinking like James Cameron, big blue people.
That's what when you said Avatar, that's what I thought.
Okay.
But in that show, there's like a war going on and you see all these really interesting
dynamics that can pop up under a situation where the war is going on that teach you about
human nature and like the flaws in it, like flawed thinking of complexity behind certain
things.
So I don't necessarily think that the average education of education we had when we learned
history that it was like taught in a way where that's what we got out of it.
I think maybe it like boiled down to stupid like facts about the war, but I would imagine
the reason you generally would want to learn about stuff like wars is to like understand
those things.
I mean, the thing that I always imagine is, I imagine remember early on in that show there's
a situation where there's a town being oppressed by the invading force and the main characters
help out one of the oppressed people and it's setting the way they help them out is setting
the illegal and the oppressed person turns them in.
Oh, so just understand those dynamics and thinking about like, is that person bad?
Because they just like screwed people that help them, but then you realize like under
these scenarios, like people kind of do these things that, you know, seem bad just because
the situation is so crazy.
Yeah.
So kind of understanding things like that, I think is a good education.
Like I said, I don't necessarily know if schools like do that with history, but I can
see how you could.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll stop dismissing things.
It's to just like dismiss whole categories of things history, social studies don't need
it.
Get at it.
Yeah.
I was just pivot topics.
I was looking at some of this stuff that happened in the past couple of weeks in tech,
at least, and there have been a few things.
Does a new JavaScript framework are you kidding me?
There actually is.
It's actually built on top of zero.
I'm sorry.
Back up.
It's called one.
It's called the zero.
What was zero?
And is it void zero related replicas is new thing.
Oh, replicash.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Which I've been playing with.
No.
No relation to void zero.
Okay.
V zero or V zero.
Oh geez.
That's another one.
What is that?
Is that a Vercel thing?
That's the product.
Yeah.
I think.
Is that like a big bet of theirs?
We got to circle back to that.
Not yet.
So one is a new JavaScript framework built on top of zero.
So it's actually good.
Replicash zero good.
Yeah.
This new framework also built by the replicash people or.
No.
It's just this is built by Nate.
So if you know, Tom, a GUI, it's like this CSS library, but the thing with one is he really
focused on building a sink.
Like how far can you push the idea of single code base that works on native and web.
Okay.
All the way down to start.
It's hard for me to.
It's hard for me to be excited about these ideas, having spent the last few months.
Yeah, I know.
In this world.
I hate this world.
So much.
This is a react native side of it, which I don't think.
Well, I guess you technically.
You have a react native wrapped web view.
Yes.
But it does look pretty good.
And because it uses zero, you have like, like your data just just.
Across all your devices, like I can see how for a certain type of product, this is going
to give a really good experience.
Okay.
So that was like making some ways, but I think the more for me, at least the more interesting
part of there is the zero part, which yeah, I'm still really excited about playing with
it for the past two weeks.
What's the first thing you're going to like put out there built with it?
Oh, radiant.
Yeah.
Nice.
So we've been working on like switching radiant from replicash to zero.
Is that our source?
I know I've seen the repo, but is it okay?
No, it will be soon.
Once we like make that shift, yeah, and and zero is like officially allowed to be public.
But it's going to be really cool.
I think that my long term bet, not bet, but like the long term bet.
Not mine.
Just like the way I understand the bet is a I can see how zero just becomes like a standard
part of architecture.
It's like you have an application server, you have a database, it's sort of who you had
a cache.
Or maybe the cache gets replaced with zero.
So people start to think of it on the same level as Redis.
And cloud providers offer like AWS managed zero, like a native version for it.
Okay.
Yeah.
Like app sync, but good.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Like kind of like app sync, but good.
Yeah.
So I'm pretty excited.
And it's looking really good.
I obviously love that.
I mean, I love the ideas that this brings into like, I love the idea of not having to
build like individual endpoints for my API and to just have this thing that I can build
on top of kind of front end, first local, first, whatever it's called.
I don't know.
I love the idea.
The thing that it's, it's revealing to me.
It's actually pretty funny.
It makes React nice, like I'm using it with solid and I'm just like, huh, I'll react a
little more.
So I'm understanding historically what has happened.
React does not have good state management in it.
What do you tell them?
Whenever you compare.
There's Redux.
Redux is amazing.
So I'm just kidding.
It does everything native and there's like a clusterfuck of, you know, ways to state management.
So whenever you compare, react to solid, you're actually comparing react, compare it to solid
plus state management because I'll have some built in, like a really good state management
built in.
So the gap was massive, but now you add in zero and zero is like the best state management
that's ever existed because it's very queryable, sinks to your server, like sinks to, like
totally solved the whole question of state.
So now if you're comparing react plus zero to solid plus zero, the gap starts to feel
a lot narrower.
So I'll probably still continue to use solid, but it's like, the front end just becomes
so stupid now, like all it's just like, it's really just comes down to styling zero plus
any front end framework, all you're spending your time on is a CSS, which sounds like hell,
but it just means all this other stuff went away and that's all I know you meant tail
in there.
You said CSS.
It's okay.
I thought telling was CSS.
Yeah, basically.
It's been interesting that front end becomes really, really stupid.
It's like a really, really dumb effort now.
What's something like this?
So are there actually like things solid doesn't do very well with the local first or the like
zero framework approach?
Is there something that react has advantages of?
I'm struggling to even say a sentence.
You know what I'm trying to get at?
Yeah.
I would say technically yes.
I think the idea of react is it diffs your UI.
The idea with solid is it diffs your data and diffing your UI is inefficient, like all
this stuff.
But it does it is simpler in the sense that like you're never going to be diffing too
much data or like it's kind of to explain, but the react integration with zero was a
lot simpler and is a lot more straightforward and it kind of avoids all these problems.
The solid integration with replicash was zero again, sorry, with zero is going to be a lot
more complicated.
It's going to be technically better, but it just doesn't feel as like a natural fit.
Yeah.
At the end, they're both going to be a saying like I said, it's all one.
So it's going to be technically better performance wise.
But there's a complexity to it that just doesn't exist with react and totally arbitrary.
I think this like randomly turned out this way.
But yeah, I mean, either way, I think the point here is I'm finally going to be able
to look at front end and be like, this is just my brain can be totally off when I'm working
on front end, all the like annoying stuff is gone.
Yeah.
That sounds really nice.
You know how hard it is to Google for one JavaScript framework, like, and then I was
like, Oh, well, I'll search for zero.
And then it's like everything's just zero JS like bundle sizes and all this one stack
dot dev one stack dot dev.
Thank you.
One stack dot dev.
Is there a webpage for zero zero sync zero sync dot dev?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Here's here's a funny, here's a funny question I have for you.
So zero zero dot com is owned by Google, I think zero.com, really?
Yes.
And the people working on zero would like that domain name one day.
Yeah.
And they were wondering if we could do them a solid.
They said, no, they want them to play fair market value.
That's what Google said.
Yeah.
What do you think fair market value for zero.com is four letter.com.
I feel like I feel like that's going to be expensive at least six figures, right?
What's your ballpark?
Is it?
I'm going to say two million.
So it's not seven figures.
That's seven figures.
Yeah.
I went higher.
Okay.
So that's what I said to.
I said one to two million.
Yeah.
They actually want 500k for it.
And I'm like, Oh, that's not bad.
That's not bad for zero.com.
Like that is.
That seems like a really good domain.
Yeah.
I mean, what's Google here?
This is like going back to last episode, you know, all that time ago when we recorded last
episode.
When we talked about the like, how does JK Rowling care at all if they sell more merch
at this point?
Like, how does Google, who at Google is like, Oh, we could sell this domain for five hundred
thousand dollars, Google trillion dollar, multi trillion dollar maybe.
I don't know.
What are they at now?
Like, who cares at this point?
Why is it?
It's like, here's the domain.
What does it matter?
I don't know.
That's what I thought.
Because Aaron worked at Google and like, maybe they'll invest in the company at some point.
It's just getting the domain.
But yeah.
Yeah.
That's weird.
It's just hard for you to imagine.
I work at Google.
Just big companies.
Just nerds.
Show up.
Just a bunch of dorks.
And they're like counting nerds.
They're like, we can't just give away property in the house.
It's just like they have nothing else to focus on besides being like, we technically did
this the correct way, you know, yeah, I guess, though.
That's annoying.
Yeah.
I will say the one framework.
I do love the pool ball as a logo.
That's creative.
I don't even notice that.
Wow.
That is clever.
Oh, and it rotates.
Yeah.
When you hover over it.
I know it.
I love that it's like a little round mark that they can use as their favicon.
It's just one of those things that I think about when I make a website is like, what's
the favicon going to be?
They nailed it with the little pool ball and they got the one NPM package like one like
the word one.
Yeah, install one.
That's impressive.
Right?
NPM packages are a little less impressive because you can just like email and be like,
Hey, I want this.
And if nobody.
Okay.
So on Twitter, somebody was like, Oh, I own the zero NPM package.
So I tagged Aaron, like the CEO, the company that makes zero and I was like, Oh, just sell
it to him.
Because like, this would be really cool if they have the zero package.
And in my head, I'm like, I would maybe give it away for free.
It's like not a big deal.
Maybe one or $2,000.
I think he asked for he wanted after bringing him down.
He wants 50 K.
Oh, like this is so stupid because no, you're, this is never going to be liquid ever again.
That's the thing with domain.
Yeah.
Like there's like a once in a lifetime moment where someone is willing to pay you for it.
Uh huh.
And if you don't make the deal happen, like who else is going to show up later?
What leverage does he, yeah, hmm.
That's interesting.
It's just a freaking NPM package.
You're not using like, come on.
Uh huh.
That's annoying.
Is it, is it against the like rules to sell an NPM package?
Uh, I know other, um, other ecosystems are really strict about it because we were trying
to get the Python SST thing on whatever crap Python thing is and I went and read their
stuff.
Yeah.
And like they literally don't give you a way to transfer it to someone else.
You have to like write to them and explain why.
And there's like a very narrow set of reasons and ours, even ours of someone being like,
we're not using this package anymore and this company wants to use a name.
That's not a valid one.
Yeah.
Not a valid one.
Wow.
What would be a valid one?
Just, it's just like maintain our transfer of the same project.
You can't like use it for a new project because they're like really obsessed with keeping intact,
like the history of the packages and stuff and not, and not breaking things, um, which I
get, but I hate name collision stuff.
I just, I hate like, I hate it because it's like the first thing I think of when I think
of a new project, which to my credit, haven't thought of a new thing in a long time.
Can we just, can we step back and where's last time I was like, I'm going to build this.
It's been a while.
Your spirit is crushed.
Oh, no.
Totally broken.
Is it?
I feel like I have kind of like changed in some ways and I'm trying to figure out what
it is.
Uh, I'm just like kind of cool with like my job and just like doing one thing.
Whoa, where did this come from?
I just, to me, my, my feeling of it just seemed like you're really busy and I've just been
occupying your energy.
Yeah, but like I'm busy with one thing that I've decided to make the one thing I'm busy
with.
It's like, normally I, even when I'm really busy with something, I still have like ideas
and like the, the drive to build new things, I don't have that right now.
Maybe that one thing is, is fulfilling you properly.
I mean, yeah, I mean, I'm enjoying just like working on my thing every day.
And also it's a season of life like with the stuff we've been going through as a family
was in school and all that.
Maybe I just don't have a lot of extra like energy to want to put into something.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I've very rarely in my career just had like one thing I was working on.
It's always.
How does it feel?
Does it feel good?
Yes.
I always imagine it would feel really good.
Like it's, but what's weird to me, like it feels good, but it doesn't also like, hasn't
really like registered, which is weird to me?
Yeah, feels like nothing.
It's like it, if I didn't notice, but does it really feel good or does it just not feel?
Maybe I'm just not feeling right now.
Did you know you always are feeling something?
This is what Casey says.
I thought like, I'll let you know when I'm feeling something.
Cause she's like, you don't really share much about your emotions.
And I'm like, yeah, I don't really have any.
I'll let you know if I have one.
She's like, that's not how it works.
You always have emotions.
He's just thinking about it or like if I'm just, I'm like thinking about emotion right
now.
In any moment, there's some, you have some emotional state, but maybe your emotion is
just like contentness or boredom or not worth registering.
It's not like you always have extreme emotions.
Do you think this is true?
Maybe this isn't a fact.
Maybe she, maybe she meant it differently.
I can see that that makes sense like it's not like an on off thing.
It's like, yeah.
I thought it was like your default state is like, it's kind of like when they used to
think in physics that there was the void and then like there's places where there is stuff
and there's places where there isn't like the void of space.
And then they learned like, no, there's no such thing.
I think I thought it was like the void.
It's like, the default is you're not feeling anything and then there's little moments
of your day where you feel things and that's the thing that was shattered for me.
Yeah.
I think I probably agree more with your wife.
I don't think I ever felt like I don't feel stuff and then I do feel stuff.
To me, I always just felt like, yeah, it's like always going and sometimes it like spikes
or like, you know, it's very encouraging to me because it means at any given time I can
work on thinking about what am I feeling right now?
Like, there is some feeling there to like archeological dig find nice, nice words usage.
Yeah, I don't think I have a lot of like emotional depth or I don't know, variety.
Maybe you're just stupid.
Maybe just simple.
Just a simple.
Do you ever wonder what it would be like to just be really simple, like really unintelligent?
Would life just be so much better?
Not that like we're so smart.
But like, Liz describes me as very simple.
She describes you as very simple, a very silly boy and very simple.
Yes, she also describes me that way.
But like, you're intelligent.
So simple in the way that like, I don't know, there's probably something profound about
yours, you're being simple, but you're not like unintelligent.
No, yeah.
I know.
I guess what you're saying is something different.
Yeah.
Now, I want to know more about what she means by you being simple.
But do you ever think like it'd be nice to just be really like unaware of all the things
I'm aware of?
Actually, no, I don't.
I actually don't.
To me, that feels really tragic.
But you wouldn't know.
There's a lot of simple people out there.
They don't know.
They wouldn't know.
Yeah.
So it wouldn't be tragic.
I do.
I do know.
So I see like, you know, I do see this like more of a scale of things.
Yeah.
And it feels really sad to like, you know, live one life and not understand as much as
you can.
I've got to have a lot less anxiety.
I feel like a lot of my anxieties are that I know too much, maybe.
I guess.
Yeah.
I don't really have a lot of anxiety.
So I'm not like paying the price of that, I guess.
Interesting.
You're just a simple man.
What does she mean when she says you're a simple?
You're just simple.
I think it's like I'm like really like even keel like I like just I'm kind of like the
same every day and I don't really have moods as much or I'm pretty sure for with like things
I want in the physical world, like, you know, money, same money, cars, I've got you figured
out.
Yeah.
I'm just easily contented.
I think also easily contented interesting money and cars, apparently.
Yeah.
The dream house and the dream neighborhood with the white Tesla.
Oh, no, you're a simple man.
Yeah, one of those really modern cube houses.
That's basic.
That's different than simple.
These are very different words.
Yeah.
But you see how I got them confused a little bit.
Because you're basic.
Yeah.
I am kind of basic.
It's interesting.
We're on two ends of a spectrum.
What else happened this past couple?
There was another thing I wanted to bring up, but I forgot.
I saw I have one thing I want to bring up because I got on Twitter just to have something
to talk about.
I feel like I have nothing to say on this podcast.
If I don't check Twitter real quick, it looks like next year's really going for the look
how easy is to self host next year's they've got like a whole video series they're doing,
I think.
A 45 minute one.
Yeah.
And they're being really nice to us all of a sudden.
Oh, really?
They've just had like a strategy.
Can you just oh, to be a fly on the wall?
You know, they were in a little meeting and they're like, okay, let's try this.
Let's try being really nice to everybody that's been jerks.
And also, let's try to do some videos.
Let's make some content.
Could you head up making some content on how easy it is to self host next?
Maybe we should make it easy to not wonder if they said that in the meeting.
Like maybe we should actually make it easy to self host and then make video.
So I actually don't that's actually not what happened.
Some of it, I think is I think the video series is like very, you know, I can see how it connects
to each other.
Yeah.
But I'm trying to think how much of this I can say because I don't want to get anyone
in trouble.
Someone did finally reach out.
After all this time interesting, can I, can I guess?
I'm not going to guess.
I know who it was.
It's not Lee.
I don't even think it's someone you know.
Oh, I'm connected.
I know people.
I have a guess.
Okay.
It's the one person I know of herself.
I'm not going to say, but I doubt it.
Can you, can you ask me to guess?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Hang on.
Let me, let me just mess this.
Okay.
Done.
No, no, no.
Okay.
I wonder if anyone could like tell what I typed.
No, no.
No relation to us, sir, and anyone.
Okay.
And they were like, hey, you know, I think he's like, I personally think a lot of the
stuff that you guys work on, like makes a lot of sense and like all the stuff is difficult,
like, we'd love to figure out how we can like remove all the, like a lot of hacks that
exist in open next.
Like, what can we do differently or what can we fix?
Yep.
And I was like, great.
Made it clear that like our goal is to like reduce the scope of open next to zero.
So it just doesn't need to exist anymore.
Yeah.
Like, even just them talking to us and us, not even versus everything is like a hundred
X better than the current state of things.
Yeah.
Just like clearly there was no actual problem here besides the fact that like you had two options,
right?
Yeah.
Thanks for working on this stuff.
Great.
Thumbs up.
And if that's what they did, this would have just been totally fine, which I think what
is happening now.
But I think things are in a head in a pretty good direction now.
Interesting.
New story arc.
Yeah.
About the warm fuzzies between DAX and Versell.
I started to say SST and Versell, but it's not, it's DAX and Versell because SST never had
a problem with Versell.
So in that video, Lee posted, he does mention SST and open next.
Oh, nice.
Like in good terms.
Yeah.
And he sent me a message about it.
It was nice.
Look at you guys.
We're going to find something new to talk about.
If you guys are all just like buddies now, we're not buddies.
Well, I mean, that was too far, but not buddies, you're, you're not good terms, you're really
trying to.
Not on good terms.
We're neutral.
Oh, okay.
You're just trying to roll in the spice neutral.
Oh, sure.
Okay.
Always.
Yeah.
I guess nobody neither side can be too upset about the hostility that has ensued on Twitter
because it's good for both sides.
You guys just like, there's no such thing as bad attention or something.
No, there is.
No such thing as bad publicity.
No, that's not true.
No, I think they lost something.
Oh, okay.
They lost a war or the battle, but they're, they're, yes.
I think that there was a time when they could literally create any narrative they wanted
and they would just post it on Twitter and you can see that approach suddenly backfired
every single time you try it.
And I think this is a good correction.
And now they're now a boring company that just makes a boring product.
And nobody really, it's not this like noise energy suck thing that they, they were for
a very long time.
Yeah.
So to me, I feel like things are now in a good place.
Hey, that's good.
That's what you really hated was the amount of.
Yeah.
It's the only thing I really hated.
It was sucked out of the room.
Yeah.
Nice.
Okay.
They required beating them over and over and burning out people.
So they just stopped posting.
Yeah.
But I think it, yeah, it is funny how it's ended up playing out.
Well, maybe that's why I'm not on Twitter anymore.
Maybe that was the only thing that was keeping me around is that kind of drama and the fun.
They're still drama that happens, but you know, yeah, it just feel kind of played out.
Played out.
You know, I must see you in New York saying, right?
Is that this month?
No, it's next month.
I gotta book my airfare.
I'm sorry.
No, I will.
Your flights.
I'm going to even, even my wife is telling me to book my flight because her mom's going
to come into town while I'm gone, but she wants to wait until I book flights.
So she knows when to come in and I don't even know what dates.
I think Liz told me Liz did such a good job of sending all the details and I have not
done my part.
Everything.
Literally.
It decides us.
Oh, really?
I'm not the only one.
I don't think anyone's booked their flight.
Oh, nice.
Next month to be fair, like, I don't know if I've ever booked a flight a month in advance.
A month in advance is a normal amount of time.
I think like three weeks is my, like, that's when I generally would be like, okay, if I
don't do it now, tickets are going to get expensive.
Yeah.
Well, the reason we need our own a book is so we can calculate what we have left over.
So we know how much we can blow on our Airbnb.
Yeah.
Where does everybody book flights these days since Google shut down Google flights?
Oh, Google flights is not shut down.
Okay, don't do it really on this podcast.
Do it.
Oh, okay.
I'll do it.
I just started wondering like.
What the prices?
I remember.
Yeah, I remember I started to do this and I was like, which airport isn't one of them's
not closer to everything we're doing than the others.
It literally doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
That's like into New Jersey or New York.
And both are fine.
Either airport in New York or Newark in New Jersey is fine.
Okay.
Why did they do that?
Why did they name a city right next to New York, Newark?
Oh, it's even worse than you think.
It's so much worse than you think.
Ready?
You've heard of New York Penn Station, right?
Sure.
New York Penn Station.
I think so, maybe.
Okay.
It's like a one of the main transitions in New York that go to like New Jersey, Philadelphia,
Connecticut, like everywhere, right, New York Penn Station, New York Penn Station got it.
There is a stop on Newark called Newark Penn Station.
No.
Why would they do that?
Do you know how often people get out at the wrong station?
And they get out right before they get to New York and they're like, just think of the
billions in lost productivity from that stupid name choice.
Every single time, because people used to have to, oh, so we had the other situation.
When people visited us, they'd have to get out at Newark Penn Station and take the path
over because the path drops them off right at my apartment.
Oh, no.
So you're telling them to get off at Newark?
Get off at Newark.
Not New York.
It's going to be confusing.
Newark.
Oh, that sucks.
And it's always a stressful thing.
Yeah.
It's so bad.
It's so dumb.
Newark.
Also, it's doubly stupid because New York itself is not an original name.
It's York with the word new in front of it, and they're like, what have we just said
real fast, Newark?
Newark.
And that's, yeah.
Oh, I'm worried.
That reminds me, I want to get involved in local city government.
Not like I want to run for office or something.
I'm just considering, I'm considering going to a town hall or city hall meeting.
You got this notice in the mail, OK?
I own property in a place where there are only nine can own property yet.
Oh, stop it.
There are large chunks of agricultural land around my neighborhood because it's in the
middle of nowhere.
I like that.
In fact, two of these chunks are my kitchen window view and then the other side of our
house.
The view shed, that's what the it's called, preserving the view shed.
Oh, that's that's the OK.
So this is a trope that like when you're in your upper 30s and you own a home on a lot
in a neighborhood, you're like, don't build any more houses.
I like my view because that's how a view shed is a geographic geographical area that's
visible from a location in all surrounding points that are in line of sight within that
location.
So we have friends that own 180 acres in Virginia.
And they're very restricted on what they can build because they there's laws around
preserving the view shed.
So it's really beautiful from that area.
So it's a very easy to screw it up.
Yeah.
Well, there's two big chunks of like 30 and 40 acre land, their agriculture right now and
they're trying to develop on them.
Well, one of them, they are developing.
They just started cutting down trees in the view out our kitchen window is completely
different.
It's just like sky now and it was all trees.
It's so sad.
It's you know, 100 year old oaks, just giant trees, this huge forest and they're just
cutting it all down.
And I'm like, so upset and I'm like, Oh, those trees, they're not going to be there.
I thought they would be there forever.
And then it's like, well, I guess I, you know, like live in a neighborhood where they did
that just 20 years earlier.
So it's like, I can't be mad that they're going to put more houses in a place where they
put houses here.
You can be mad.
I can be mad.
It's because preserving the view shed.
I've just, I've just realized like when you're young, you're like, what the hell are these
wrong with all these people?
These nimbs on my backyard and people that are like stopping progress and then you just
witness yourself become.
Yeah.
And there's things okay to be a nimby.
I don't know.
Like you got to represent your own interests, right?
Yeah.
And we're able to go to this town, this meeting and like vote on whether they can plot this
other chunk of land as residential.
It's this developer that wants to build a whole neighborhood and I want to like use our little
private neighborhood road.
It's not private.
It's actually a public road.
But like right now we live in a neighborhood where there's no three traffic, the road that
comes in.
It's a city street.
That changes.
It's going to change.
The street right now just goes into our neighborhood.
There's no reason anyone else would be on the street, but they want to like plug it in
and it'll be like we get traffic from all over the place.
It's just like stuff.
I don't want to happen.
So I'm going to maybe go to the meeting and be like, listen, I would like this to not
happen.
No, yeah, you should.
I don't know what grounds I have to stand on.
Like just don't do it.
Please.
Cause it'll make me sad.
Like what, what can I say?
You should show up there with a, with a bomb vest and be like throw up.
I thought I was about to get real advice and then you just, you went there.
Maybe you could come and wear a bomb that'd be a little more realistic.
I don't know.
You're, you're brown.
Oh my God.
Wow.
That was so racist.
I have to not say things like that.
Okay.
Chris, I'll let you decide my fate.
You might cut that out.
Oh my God.
Sorry.
You say you're brown all the time.
I can say it too.
Right?
No, no, no, it was great.
Okay.
I'm happy that you made that joke.
I mean, if it were like 2002, you know, right after 9/11, like, maybe it would have been
different.
Are you making it worse?
Is it worse later?
Maybe it's worse.
I don't know.
No, I, I think just explaining this more is making it worse.
Okay.
I should stop.
I'm going to stop.
I'm getting a cramp.
Like a muscle cramp.
And I wonder if it's like anxiety over getting canceled.
I can just feel it.
It's happening.
It's fine.
You're not on Twitter.
Like if you don't ignore, if you just ignore it, it's, it's basically not happening.
You actually, I will get no consequences.
I will have no consequences.
It's the tree in the forest thing.
Speaking of trees and forest, what do I say?
Like if I go to like literally, I want to go to this meeting, I'm an adult.
I'm trying to learn how to be like an adult, you know what I mean?
Like adults who are like, I'm going to the city hall meeting.
What do you say?
What could I actually say that would be like, not just, I think the trees are pretty and
I don't want them to go away.
Okay.
So this, I have no idea how to play this, but I've been like secondarily involved in some
of this, not like very, very loosely, when I lived in New York, there was this extremely
convenient pedestrian footbridge that crossed over the road.
I could get to it within a minute of my apartment.
I would cross it and the subways were on the other side.
So very, very, very convenient.
Yeah.
It turns out this was a temporary bridge they put in place.
It wasn't a permanent one, even though it's been around for years.
The reason it was temporary was it technically didn't adhere to like ADA stuff.
Like ramp, it didn't have an elevator, stuff like that.
So they built this crazy expensive new one that was like a block down, way more inconvenient.
Way, way, way, way more inconvenient for you, but they committed to doing it for me and
they're for everybody.
They like totally changed like the way that you would travel around this neighborhood.
Like the dynamics like totally change, like it's not just it wasn't just a little further
away from you.
You mean like it was more inconvenient for everybody.
Yeah.
For everybody.
I don't know.
You guys like go through this.
You have to kind of go through this parking lot.
It just wasn't like a great situation, but they committed to doing it a while ago.
They spent a bunch of money on it and they're like, yeah, then we're going to tear down
the old bridge and we're just like, just leave the old one also.
And there's this guy that tried super, super, super hard to make arguments for it.
And it was funny how far he went.
He literally sat there and counted the people that crossed like for a day on that bridge.
Yeah.
And he was like, it was like basically 50% of them will go to the new bridge.
The other 50% are probably trying to go north.
So they'll like go just cross at the intersection on the north side, which is a very busy intersection.
It doesn't have a footbridge.
So we're going to see, he's claimed we're going to see an increase in like accidents
and potentially deaths.
Wow.
Yeah.
So then he's basically being like, you're killing people.
Are you okay?
If you're cool killing people, then yeah, go ahead and tear down the bridge evil person.
Yeah.
So he like him with all these like crazy, crazy arguments ultimately lost because just one
of those bureaucratic things of like they committed to this plan.
And if they don't do this, it seems like they wasted millions of dollars on this other thing.
Yeah.
And that's what it feels like.
It feels like is anyone in history won something like this?
Like, could I actually go in there?
Yeah.
There has changed.
Oh, really?
Okay.
So when we're in New York, I'm going to take you guys around this neighborhood.
It is like the one of the most pleasant places in New York in the world and the one of the
most pleasant places in New York in the world, and in the world, like one of the nicest
in the world.
Yeah.
And the person behind it, Jane Jacobs, wrote a whole book on her old theory on what makes
great neighborhoods.
But that was almost that neighborhood was almost destroyed because they were going to
build this crazy highway through it.
And she organized like a ton of just protests and pushed back on it and it worked.
And that neighborhood over the next 50 years actually became, again, turned to this like
crazy, nice thing.
Okay.
So not only did it work.
It could happen.
Right.
Yeah.
And now her book is like everywhere.
I feel like I have as much of an argument, like in my case, yeah, it's really tough.
It's literally just the view and there is like a lot of wildlife.
So all these woods that they're going to get rid of, we used to have deer all over the
place.
And I feel like there's nowhere for them to be now.
Like they would go between those woods and like the wooded areas between our homes.
And I feel like when all that's gone, it's like habitat destruction.
I just, I know these words from being a kid when it's like, say they're wrecking havoc
on, they're like coming into your backyard and they're like kicking your children.
Yeah.
Just lie about it.
Okay.
Yeah.
And just see if they call me on it.
You know, play dirty.
It's kind of the most plausible why the air quality, like kicking children.
You've been, you've been monitoring the air quality and it's been like drastically reduced
when these trees were, yeah, yeah, just flash like a little like, like meter of some sort
that I'm holding like, it's gone up to 26 parts per million.
Okay.
And this used to be 24 realistically, I don't think you or I are going to be successful
at this because I think the only way to be successful is to like be one of those people
with like no shame, but to look at an impressive degree, like that's, if you're fighting like
government bureaucracies, I feel like it's just, yeah, you're the people that make a scene.
You like end up on YouTube because somebody records it, but you get your way maybe.
He's got to be really annoying, could be super, super, super annoying.
Yeah.
I can't do that.
I can't do that conflict.
Like like a really embarrassing billboard on your property that faces, which is where
this new development would be, something like pornographic and horrible.
Oh, no.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm not going to do that.
I'll try the bomb thing.
We'll try that.
I'm saying, this is what it takes.
You're, you're, you're fighting against a developer is going to make millions and millions
and millions from this.
So well, let's see.
Sorry.
So at least a couple of millions, they're going to make maybe, yeah, I don't know, like
Calus, right? I'm assuming they'll probably make more than anyone selling a domain to
Google will, but probably not as much as, yeah, I mean, I had the same, I mean, I complain
about my neighborhood the same in the same way that.
So if you remember my backyard, uh, on the other side is has been this giant empty lot.
The whole time I've been here in Miami, it's been a big empty lot.
And we looked it up the other day.
And when it was sold, it was sold with diagrams of like a giant apartment building.
Like huge.
And I'm like, is that the plan?
Oh no.
That's a plan.
There's going to be a huge apartment building just overlooking my backyard.
Yeah.
Just like walking around in my underwear all the time.
I mean, yeah, you should probably not do that anyway, but yeah, no, I don't care about
that.
I'm like, I'm going to increase that to like, oh, yeah, make it more annoying for the people
Yeah.
So the only way I stop this is to like play 30, you know, okay, like dump radioactive material
over the fence and to the side or something, uh, just try the bomb vest thing.
I'm telling you, I think, okay, so here's another thing I never told you about this.
I'm going to say it publicly now, which means I probably can never do it because it's incriminating.
Next door to me is a more reasonably sized apartment building and they have a parking lot
and the parking lot is like basically neighboring my backyard.
At some point, they complained that I was too dark in the parking lot and they needed
like lights.
But for some reason, the response to this was to go crazy overboard and some gigantic flood
lights.
All the time, yeah, and one of them shoots a beam of light, like right into at least
two big double doors in my bedroom that are glass through there into my bedroom.
It doesn't really bother me.
Like we have blinds and like, it's not the worst thing, but it would be better if that
wasn't there.
We're friends with someone that lives in that building because he brings his dog over sometimes
and he was like, yeah, just wait till it's dark and take a baby gun and shoot out the
thing.
Oh, you're saying you haven't done it.
It would be so, yeah, it would be so easy because like there's a gap in my fence where
I can just go prone and shoot, shoot it.
I wish you would and film it.
It's just one of these things where I'm like, there's no way they're ever going to replace
it.
Like there's no way they're going to like be like, oh, there's other lights in the parking
lot that are fine.
They don't need this one.
Interesting.
Yeah, it's also just kind of like, sounds fun.
I mean, like a reason to have a BB gun and to use it.
This is dad as a BB gun.
He uses all the time to kill iguanas.
Really?
He shoots them out of their trees.
Yeah.
Wow.
That sounds kind of fun too.
Yeah.
I mean, not killing animals.
I'm a vegan.
But like the idea of like the target practice of it, like getting good at hitting small things
with a BB gun.
That sounds fun.
Yeah.
It's like a tactical operation where I'm like really stealthy and I like, yeah, you're
like a ghillie suit and you're laying in your bushes aiming a little BB gun through the
fence.
Or like go on the roof of my house.
Yeah.
Go prone.
I want to go paintballing.
Can we can we like organize a paintballing thing because that just sounds so fun.
Like first person paintball.
Can we do like a stream and we film it all in where we have like all we all have cameras.
Did we talk about this?
I feel like we've talked about this.
No, we're talking about this.
That was a great idea.
Okay.
Come to the Ozarks.
We'll do a paintball like a JavaScript paintball war and get all the framework authors.
But we all have like GoPros and you can see like our gun.
So it looks like gold and I like first person video game and we're paintballing each other.
Let's do it.
That's a great idea.
That would be so fun.
So in New York, there is a place that we've gone to more than once, which is this who said
something, but it is like this crazy warehouse.
They set up to be like really creepy, like these little tunnels quarters and it's really
hard to see.
It's dark, not lighting.
And it's up.
So it's laser tags, not paintball.
I think I paintball in the area, but it's laser, but the thing here is they hire actors
to play zombies.
Oh my word.
Yeah.
And so there's different modes.
It's it can be like you against zombies when you shoot them, like their shit lights up and
they like fall down.
Yeah.
This is New York.
They get into the actors.
Do they get into it?
Like, yeah.
So we played this version.
This was for my friends.
My friend got married and we went here for his like, you know, sounds like a good time.
I mean, and so the mode we played was it was too, it was like two teams, right?
It's like one, you're playing the other team laser tag.
Yeah.
The third team is the zombies that are attacking everyone.
Okay.
Every round, they were like up the intensity, up it, up it, up it, up it, up it.
By the end.
You're telling them to.
They were just grabbing us and just slamming us against the wall and stuff.
It was so fun.
It was so good.
And like you're living a zombie movie, they make these crazy noises and like it's like
really, really intense.
Oh man.
The thing that's interesting is I remember the first time we went where it was just like
us versus zombies, it was really scary for like the first minute.
Yeah.
And then something in and what's interesting is it's only happened to some people.
Like I flipped in.
All these psycho pads.
Yeah.
So they put there was brains where it was not scary at all.
And it was just so like you were just focused on the mission like the scariest of it just
like dissipated.
You were just like the adrenaline kicked in and you were just like, you were going to
kill those zombies.
Yeah.
It's like a soldier in battle.
So I felt good about that.
I was like, okay, if I am a situation that's stressful, like it's going to be scary, but like
it'll flip.
Yeah.
The adrenaline will kick in.
Yeah, they were kind of like behind us the whole time.
Yeah.
It's super fun.
And there was these fun situations where like I walked into a room and I saw, oh, because
the mode where it's you against the zombies, you're also, it's also an escape room at the
same time.
We're trying to solve a puzzle.
There's like, you have to like discover these clues and find things combining those
things.
That's fun.
Yeah.
I saw my friend like looking in a barrel.
I walked over to look in a barrel and now I turn around and I was like trying to see what
else was there.
But it wasn't my friend.
It was a zombie, pretending to look in a barrel.
Oh, no.
I knew they'd turn around and started grabbing me.
And it was, it was pretty.
Yeah.
What a cool job.
I'm like, you're trying to get jobs, acting like in a commercial or something.
And then on the weekends, you're like, I'm going to go be a zombie.
I'm going to put my own.
Yeah.
And they like don't.
They're not like, oh, I hate this.
I have to do this because, you know, I'm like, kind of do be an actor or whatever.
But they're like, they get super into it.
Yeah.
So that with a GoPro.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Could be pretty fun.
Let's do it.
Okay.
I got to pee.
We just got to be done because I got to pee.
It just happens.
I'm sorry.
Bingo.
Somebody just got.
All right.
See you.
Yeah.
[BLANK_AUDIO]